# Interfaces by LNP/BP Association

There are a number of things that are quite common and that is why the LNP/BP association has published (or will publish) them as a default set. Of course, over time it is possible that more will be added. These standards include:

* **RGB20**: is an equivalent of ERC20, but actually allows you to do much more than you can do with ERC20. It is the standard for any fungible asset: stocks, bonds or, in general, anything you want/can make fungible. Among the features that RGB20 has over the ERC20 standard, we have, first, that you can rename the asset, change its data and ticker. You can also do what is called a stock split in the stock market or simply change the precision of the contract. Another thing you can do is secondary issuance, which can also be limited. That is, you can create a contract that says secondary issuance is not possible and the user will know that. Or you can create a contract that says that secondary issuance is possible up to a certain amount and these are the parties who have the right to make this issuance. By the time they issue, this UTXO will be spent and you will know that the bid has increased. Or, you can have an asset that says it has an indefinite issuance. Or, you can have an asset that has zero initial issuance and delegates issuance for a certain period of time. So, the possibilities are many. The other thing you can do is burn the asset or replace it by the issuer. You can also allow replacement of assets to certain parties, so that people who want to reduce the size of their history can go to the party and send the current status and receive a new contract, the same token with the same contract ID. But again, if you don't want that, you can limit the functionality and have a very secure token, where people are not afraid that you will reissue more and more tokens, because you could not reissue more and more tokens with the same contract.
* **RGB21**: which is a type of NFT, but it's not just an NFT. You can think of it as a digital production contract. An author creates a digital media, or a book, or a movie, or music, or whatever he wants to create, and reissues an RGB21 contract. The know-how of this contract prevents anyone from stealing anything. If someone wants to steal something, they have all the options to do so, as they can do with JPEGs in NFT, which is what NFT is today. However, for those who want to, not steal, but pay for, support something, they have a way to prove the fact of history, or pass it on to future owners, and it is basically a digital certificate of ownership of a certain object, which can be divided, so that it is not fungible between parties, so it can be divided into multiple objects. You can have a collection of non-fungible things, but each of them can be divided, so you can have multiple owners owning a share of an indivisible thing. The other interesting thing it does is that, unlike Ethereum, it holds the media file. As long as it is less than 16 megabytes, the file is included in the submission and is passed along. If it's greater than 16 megabytes, we don't want to pass terabytes of consignment, it would take too long between wallets, so it defers to an external medium where you can download the file. Also, RGB21 includes the ability to do things called etchings, which you can enable; by default they are not there, but with etchings you can add media on top of media even if you are not the creator of the non-fungible asset. So you can have an image and then have anyone put a signature on that image. The user interface of the portfolio will be able to show that there is an image, but there is also a history of engravings by previous owners. You can then raise the price of an object, for example, someone's digital media, an image, and then pass it on to a famous soccer player who put a signature on it, sold it for a higher price, and so on. So you can make all these games.
* **RGB22**: this is a way to implement a digital identity. You can add meta-information about your identity. You can hide parts of this meta-information from different parties, using the hidden methods. You can distribute this information through dispatches and everything else. You can also create a set of related facts and a history of related facts, such as some people with other identities have signed your identity due to the fact that you are over 21 years old. And you can decide whether or not to use that fact or hide it. So you have a whole infrastructure for digital identity management on top of the public key and the revocation primitive. Basically, you can have an infrastructure for managing self-serving identity.
* **RGB23**: It's an open timestamp on steroids, which means that now it's not just about proving that you knew something in the past, but you can have a demonstrable history. For example, if you are a lawyer, you can have a demonstrable history of certain events. Or if you are a doctor, a hospital, you have a record of things that has to be immutable, that you cannot correct backwards. You don't need blockchain for that. You don't need to go on Hyperledger or anything like that, but you can use RGB on top of Bitcoin, inheriting Bitcoin's resistance to decentralized censorship and Bitcoin's security for immutability. Because if you run Hyperledger on your servers, you don't actually have immutability, despite it being a blockchain. Because your sysadmin can simply block history. And that's not possible here. You store everything on the client side, not on the blockchain. It's all private and you can expose it, reveal it whenever you need it, in the form you need it and the part you need it.
* **RGB24**: which is something that Ethereum namespace, the Ethereum naming system, tried to create. Basically it could become an alternative to DNS. It is the way you can build a global namespace registry, again, without creating new blockchains like Namecoin, without putting data on blockchains like Ethereum, and so on.
* **RGB25**: is a hybrid of RGB20 and RGB21, that is, a partially fungible asset. Basically, if you have, for example, a property and you can create a contract that contains information about the property, it will be fungible because of the divisibility within the property, but each piece will still have some relationship to a real physical object, a part of the real physical object. This can then be useful for tokenization of a real-world asset. This, of course, does not mean that the contract imposes something in the real world from the digital world, but, if the parties are collaborative, they now have a privacy-based means of resisting censorship to account for the things they own in the real world. And again, if you link it to economic incentives, to some other Bitcoin financial contract, you can also build an economic incentive to follow the rules that have been defined here.
* **RGB26**: is a standard for DAOs, but it will work very differently from DAOs already seen on other protocols. Basically, the DAO is a dynamic set of multisigs. So it is a multisig, but unlike the multisig, it is dynamic. With RGB26 You can pass the right to vote without making a transaction on the chain. So you can put this DAO into a Lightning channel and run it there, and this DAO will maintain the state of this multisig for you. But the other thing you can do is you can also have the provable history of the decisions made by that DAO in the form of RGB, what was it, RGB23. So the same probable history of the decisions made and who voted on them.
* **RGB30**: It is very similar to an RGB20 asset, but it is issued in a decentralized way. RGB30 is the only standard that uses state extensions at the current state of development.

These interfaces are available in the standard RGB library, but anyone can develop alternative or additional interfaces.
